what's going on guys multi gills Ichi
here as most of you probably know stays
in this video today I'm gonna go ahead
and show you guys a quick and easy tip
to get a lot of glimmer per hour now if
you do this method you guys can get
about 475 glimmer per minute or about 35
to 40,000 glimmer per hour doing this is
extremely helpful so if you guys are
looking for a way to get glimmer to help
you guys level up eventually or buy new
stuff on destiny this is definitely
gonna be the video for you so what you
want to do is you want to go ahead and
if you're going to get this you want to
go with either solo or a full team and
what you're going to want to go to the
last moon mission in play it on heart
the mission is called shrine of Orcs and
you want to make sure that you're
putting it on the heart setting so once
you get in there you're gonna realize a
couple things the monsters that you will
be fighting that means that they're
usually harder than normal characters
that you're going against while doing
that you get more glimmer from them so
you guys may be a little 20:18 whatever
the case is 20 plus you're going against
level 12 so they give you more glimmer
than most sponsors well on hard on later
missions on Mars so it's definitely
ineffective in a good way to get money
on destiny which is also called glimmer
so really all you want to do is just
play this solo I'd recommend you can do
it with the team if you're not high
enough level or whatever the case is but
I personally do solo because if you guys
are playing so as you guys could see I
do a couple times in this video all you
have to do is jump off and then you'll
respawn at the gate behind you and you
guys can just keep clearing waves die
and just keep rinsing and repeating in
all the monsters and stomachs fun you
don't have to wait on to all spawn for
you so this is definitely what I would
be doing if I was you guys you know it's
so much faster to do this than any other
method on the game to get glimmer and
it's actually pretty good decent next
piece so I did the math and it's about
55 XP per kill and you get around 825 XP
per minutes or about 40 9500 XP per hour
so doing this you guys get a lot of XP
you guys get a lot of money and overall
this is so simple and so easy to do guys
I definitely recommend
it may be getting patched in the near
future Hooten really knows that we
haven't really seen any updates yet from
destiny so it's hard to say how long all
these times to get everything fixed will
take so definitely use it to your
advantage now anyways guys hope you
enjoyed the video of this video helped
you make sure to hit the like rating
comment and subscribe until next time
guys
I'm multi girls leech deep and I'm out